all right boys welcome back to Roblox
today we're playing hi highq Legends did
I do that right bi so it's me and bi
versus those two losers so what we're
going to do you can see bottom center we
have a bump set and hit so look I'm
currently serving now you see bottom
center we have an ability we bring to
our games uh that charges up we get an
ultimate so here's what I'm going to do
I'm going to toss this up move evil and
then I'm going to jump watch this watch
this Spike
oh you can see top Center the you said
had it he hit it it was red for me I hit
it in volleyball when you say I got it
it means I'm going to hit it so top
center it's one to zero you can see my
ability is starting to charge up at
bivel bivel Biel you already he
footballed you can't throw the ball
forward you got to throw it directly up
why do I it's one to one it's one to one
so we're going to go to what five or six
first to five or six something like that
and uh then we're that counts as
somebody winning and then uh Biffle set
me up setting it I'm setting it set me
up set me up it's it's all you oh my God
oh my God okay I I did not I did not
expect that look at look at me look at
me and then after so it's the first to
like four or five uh game wins and then
after this game we're going to go out
and roll for more Super abilities so uh
super hold on send it watch out that's
you I got an
A I got an A so my ability is called
boom jump what does that do what's yours
called gravity set oh oh my go I'll say
zero gravity set oh my gosh okay okay
and then I set it and then you hit it
set me set me set me set me that's all
you I'm going
block too good bro what is their
teamwork too good okay I have my ability
it's called boom jump I'm going to try
to use it oh why you wait did wait what
did I I used my ability I used my
ability you're glowing look how much
higher I jump you're
crazy no it's not it's not you miss how
close how close are you to uh getting
your super ability I need to hit how did
I already get my ability wait for me
it's for me I'm trying to get to it but
you knocked it away from me we got bot
we got a bunch of Bot you got to you got
to okay here we go I'm going to ace them
ready ready ready them right here I'm
right here CL for you claing don't
us we are the
why are you diving into me when I'm
already there stay on stay on your side
we literally just Brazil them they got
it there we got wait wait wait wait I'm
going I got you I got you I got you
setting you you got me you got me it was
out yes it was out wait no what do you
mean yes okay how about this first to 10
wins this first round then we got to go
get new abilities you guys got to get
better abilities what's going on here
cuz you can also dive yeah yeah steel
block what you know I'm going to hit
this cuz I feel bad guys hit it we get a
point we get a point yeah all right cool
man all us I'm going to dab on you come
here I felt bad this is where we bring
it back this where I almost got my
ability I want to see what happens oh
they're finally serving let's see what
happens oh that was I'm set i'm set it
set it okay I'm setting you setting you
setting you setting you setting You Why
didn't it work Why didn't it
work Biff we're falling apart hold on
hold on hold on G you got that one you
got it you got it got it I got it oh no
no I hit it over that's my bad all right
you set it watch this you set it it that
works too set me set me Dad
I'm dab I'm dabbing on I'm dabbing on
him hold I got my jump boost do you have
your ability is I almost I'm at 93% okay
we'll double our jumps wait I got this i
got this i got this i got this I'm going
to block the fart out of this Biv pivel
bivel oh okay I'm going to set it for
you I'm going to set it for you set I
missed it's Spike all you Sundy
Noy Sundy man I have it for an hour and
a half wait wait Well here here's what
I'm going to do here's what I'm going to
do I'm going to throw up I'm going to
throw my toss up right I'm going to Max
it out and going to use my ability and
oh my God all right you ready I'm going
to set you you got to get ready you got
to get ready it's over then it can't hit
it over it's over I don't think that
reach why is it where's the power why am
I weak oh
my hey no we win that one we win that
one yeah first one let me write that
down hold on hold on uh win us them lose
got it cool going back to the lobby yep
guys listen uh we're going to go get
more op abilities so this boom jump
causes you to jump super high right what
is this Zero Gravity causes your next
bike to perfect Spike oh I'm going to
I'm going to save I'm going to switch
out super Sprint uh yeah let's buy 25
ability spins okay I need to get op
abilities um okay there we go and here
we go spin please give me something good
cuz they also have legendary I got super
Sprint again why I don't want super they
have legendary that is 2% boom jump I
already have boom jump yeah these aren't
going to be good I got to buy the lucky
ones oh no this is going to get
expensive isn't it guys you got to hit
the like button hit the Subscribe button
join the fam bam all right uh lucky
spins 20 is that a causes your next bump
to soar past the enemy spikers what does
that mean I don't know but I'm doing
another Lucky Spin curve Spike causes
your next Spike to curve in your tilt
Direction okay that seems pretty good
all right Biffle round two what ability
did you bring this time oh yeah I want
to see what the Grier says my ability is
called Sir or curve Spike curve why I
that spikes he get it first come on you
got this got right you you got this you
know watch this I will not mess up
watching I'm sorry still wa still work
it's fine it's fine f and then
spiky wait noock got it set it for you
oh look at that
hit
nice look at my hands look at my hands
sorry look at my hand don't you die my
abilities up okay hold on hold on we got
to chill chill chill chill chill chill
you got this right I got it I got it I'm
I'm going to
bi so bad dude bi I can't set up any
better than that stop hitting it it's
four to two
Biffle I missed I missed I missed me
look at that nice St back no Let it go
Let it go Let it
go wait I have my ability I have my
ability curve Spike I have curve Spike
set me with your set you're never going
tosy you're never going to again I'm
going to try I'm going to try to block
it for fun okay hold on B set me set me
set me set it okay I'm going to set you
now hit that bivel hit it he's not going
it my boy set it come
on that's you that's you nice that's
okay where are you hitting
that no I upper cuted that to the next
Dimension what happen I got my ability
though set me set me set me set it it's
set it I set you first here knock it
knock it smack it spooke
it I don't like
you we they're King out of the anime for
sure no I love anime please dude we
getting so you ready you ready for the
second Ace in a row I got this wait I'm
setting you setting you setting you I'm
don't set me
anymore see don't set me I don't like
the pressure we're good we're good I got
you back I got you back blocking him
bble Biv Biv Biv
please let's
go no blocking no all right we win us
them lose win them us lose got it all
right okay next ability I need another
ability I need something better dang it
piffle okay I'm going to spin this give
me a legendary or a gold one what is
this my Spike and serves are insane okay
I I might use asmina is that did I say
that right guys you got to let me know
down in the comments am I doing this
right yum yo mama mute why is That Yo
Mama mute yo mom mute what um I don't
like that one I want spike serve that's
my strong suit I'm CL okay give me a
gold one CU he's pretty good bump serve
Spike blocks are all good and jump
speed's kind of dooo poooo though I
don't know which one to use I might use
this one this one's kind of broken let
me get some abilities now curve Spike
was kind of crap right I want a gold one
it's literally a 5% chance to get the
the gold but it's not letting me get it
okay I got nothing there's hold on oh I
can get a I can get a volleyball wait do
I want that does that help me with
anything hold on let me find out okay I
got a Mech ball oh cool okay well no I
don't like that ball no don't care I
need to I need to spin more I need to
get this gold one we're going to do five
more spins come on I need I need to get
the gold one please give me the gold one
let's replace boom jump no I already
have
Moon zero jumps and allows you to change
your angle midair okay that seems kind
of broken right am I that's that's good
right okay well um let me see if I can
get a better one of these hold on oh my
God I just got bokudo I wasn't even
looking look at the spot jump block
serve everything is maxed out except for
serf okay this is going to be fun all
right um You boys ready are you excited
this is going to be fun are you having
fun having fun okay um don't look at
above my name the color of the the thing
that I have oh I'm going to look now oh
oh cool all right uh I'm going to be
team blue I'm going in Biffle you ready
come on Biffle let's do it I'm going to
be number one number so uh this will be
fun remember my blocking was last time
um yeah sure sure
sure this will be fun this be fun going
block your butt don't block my butt they
get the surf
first hold on let's Ace him Ace bi I got
this wait that's going in that's going
in yeah I might have
um
what Biff Biffle biffl I paid Roblox for
this AB I mean nothing bi wait what
ability do you have I got Moon ball be
crazy B B B B I was paying attention
nice
oh gosh yeah I got Moon they don't call
me Sor mcor butt sorry all right Sor
butt let's do
this what he said it is
this oh my God I hit it out of bounds do
and my py are you even trying anymore
I'm dook in my Ser let's go get up there
get up there okay I'm up I'm up I'm up
serve good nice look at that look at
that I'll set you I'll set you set you I
BL watch watch watch this epic block oh
it's too high oh done what the
he okay we're cooking we're cooking on
our watch me dab watch me dab I need my
ability I'm halfway to my ability
Rolling Thunder what was that ability
just did I can't it it dashed into okay
now we're cooking no this is this is
we're cooking with onion juice wait hold
on here we go I'm going block you I'm
going to block you you the only think
there we go there we go we're back in it
wait why you stacking on me why you st
why am I why I got do that why I do that
wait hold on hold on hold on watch this
block that's you that's you that's it
didn't it didn't set what am I watching
oh my god
dude on them
dude I will say this my Spike My serve
and I think my jump is all maxed out on
this oh neat also mine neat out I'm
sorry I'm
sorry it's five wait we're winning we're
five that was out sorry I said sorry I
said sorry
coming back in nice job nice job oh I
get it okay I'm get it now what you get
nothing nothing nothing I figured the
game out hold on hold on let me cook are
we are we winning no you're ugly got it
no I missed I missed I'm ugly yeah true
finally 2% and I can Moon ball up 5% and
I can redirect jump there you go set you
have to get it you I got it got it I got
it I got it I got it bivel hit it over
hit it over hit over where it going wait
I still got this WOW neat I still got
this no it's okay we have re we have our
abilities what is yours what do yours do
uh you'll see Moon bumping okay bumping
bumping in movement okay hold on here we
go and a little one of these a little
one oh my Why didn't it go that way no
he your
ability thought he was going to why did
you use your ability ability it's fine
yeah right cool baited baited baited
baited just exactly what I wanted to do
wait I can use my ability hold on let's
see what he was actually to was that me
was that you Biff too many times you can
only hit it four time you I I got the
blocks don't worry I'm going steal ball
hold on we got this we got this we got
this we got this you got this you got
this yeah I know watch
this no I hit that oh we're cooking
we're cooking this to 10 or is this to
the full one full to 10 it's to 10 Biel
that was actually going to go out B let
that out I thought I'm sorry I'm sorry I
thought why are you not looking Biff I
was looking but then I didn't look I'm
sorry it was going out you shut up I I
got to use my I got to use my ability
got use my ability so
annoy hold on wait we to take a second
one oh here we go this is about to be
the double of wait look at my ability I
can change direction oh my God I can
change directions
midair okay that was good high five me
high five me don't mess this up my man I
don't mess up who hit that hit hit who
hit that how do you do that oh that's
beautiful beautiful oh yeah I have Max
Dash by the way son you have literally
unlimited
power let's go py let's go yeah they
don't call me Pooky pants okay here we
go look at that look at that how do they
do that know set me all for you all for
you pooky butt and P butt Pooky butt I
pulled I pulled a Biffle okay okay
remember remember remember you got to
win by two right it's it's it's de it's
dece my boy you you
you nice son oh I tried look at me look
at me look at me was doing this all
right tap dance tap dance on him
dude nope oh I spiked him oh you where
go where
go call me Dun don't do that D what is a
Dun I don't know all right you have to
hit it right here you have to go go back
I don't miss these I miss well doesn't
matter no no no no no I'm too strong I'm
too strong out of bounds serious bam got
it it's you it's you oh it's
me oh my God did you see that Spike did
you see that SP that
was here we go here we go spiking it
please don't mess this up he's going to
hit it out of bounds watch he's going to
hit out of B no PIV it how' you know
that it wasn't even out of bounds Biv
I'm sorry how you hit it inbounds watch
wait bivel bivel bivel bivel I didn't
get B how long this is this is going on
I don't know just a yes that's on the
line yeah that counts that counts hello
how do that count spike him again him
again don't go 15 oh my God yeah this is
the longest game ever wait that was in B
set me I have my
ability okay you got me watch this
block the ability Did The
Dun we're fine we're fine he's going to
hit it out he's going to hit it out
don't hit it out please
for
no suy for come on that this is the
longest game we've ever
played wait I hit that that's you that's
you that's you I'm going to go BL I'm
going to BL I'm going to BL what was
that that's my ability baby why does it
go outside though my ability sends it
outside why dides your ability do that I
spent Robux on
this hate this game okay okay we got to
focus up Focus up just end it just end
the game before we have to win I'm
trying S I can't hit it again s can't
hit it again spike it on him oh no he
hit it over me I hit it over him that's
you it's that was Big D that was big
watch this please don't spike it I'm
scared
so miss yes
yes I M okay here we go here go he's
going to hit out of bounds he's going to
hit out of bounds he is going to hit out
of bounds guaranteed no I'm not that was
how was that on of bound it's all you
yes I was trying I jum when he jump da
we're dabbing bi we're dabbing that's
all you this is all you SLE oh you oh
you there we go wait zud you scored on
yourself what's wrong with you yeah it
say end this end this he's going to
hit too
low i d down sigils i d down Sig into
it for me it was red for me you
boy my boy I'm not wait wait hold on I
got to write that down B go ahead serve
it I got to write that down I got to
write that down win us them lose I
wasn't paying attention they're going
again wait wait that was the best of
three we just we just win yeah congratul
my yeah oh yeah H the like button
subscribe button we did it